17;;Lawrence;Huang;Dr.;;In 2010, upon the completion of his Pain Medicine fellowship at the University of Iowa, he joined the VA Palo Alto Health Care system under the departments of polytrauma, pain medicine and PM&R. His clinical interests include the rehabilitation of musculoskeletal related pain and traumatic brain injury disorders.;He completed his medical school at Western University of Health Sciences in 2005. After one year of internship in Downey, California, he completed three years of residency in Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at Stanford University including the last year as a Chief Resident.;Dr. Huang specializes in physical medicine, rehabilitation and pain medicine. He also focuses on management of acute and chronic musculoskeletal pain at the joints in the upper and lower extremities, neck pain and back pain, medical management related to the rehabilitation of stroke, traumatic brain injuries, spinal cord injuries and various neuromuscular disorders.;Dr. Huang chose to become an Osteopathic doctor (D.O.) because he believes that caring for a person requires understanding the anatomy, the illness and overall well-being of the patient as a person. He believes in working alongside his patients to develop an individualized treatment plan that address the mind, spirit and the body. Having been trained in both Osteopathic and Allopathic (M.D.) facilities, he has learned to combine the best of both cultures in helping his patients.;Dr. Huang and his family are avid members and provide loyal support to the California Museum of Science, the Monterey Bay Aquarium and the de Young Museum. He is also a huge fan of the Santa Clara Valley Koi and Garden tours.  He enjoys gardening, snorkeling, horseback riding, bicycling and traveling with his wife and daughter to various countries to try different foods. In addition to the family dog, he enjoys keeping fish as pets.;lawrence_huang.png;nophotoyet.png;1
19;;Debbie;Pitsch;;MPT,GCS,ATP;She has been certified as an Assistive Technology Professional through RESNA since 2010. She has been a Clinical Specialist in Geriatric Physical Therapy through the American Board of Physical Therapy Specialists since 2003. She has been a Certified Brain Injury Specialist from the Academy of Certified Brain Injury Specialists since 2002. She is currently certified by the American Red Cross as a lifeguard and is certified to provide aquatic therapy.;Debbie Pitsch received a Masters of Physical Therapy at Samuel Merritt College in Oakland, CA in 1995. ;Debbie Pitsch is a Physical Therapist who has worked at the Palo Alto VA since 1999 and joined the Assistive Technology Center team in 2010. She has 18 years of experience working with veterans with neurological and orthopedic impairments including polytraumatic head injuries and amputation care in acute, outpatient, and rehabilitation settings.  Her primary areas of expertise in assistive technology are adaptive sporting, prosthetic training, and neuroprosthetic ambulation aids.;I have a deep appreciation and respect for the human body and its potential for healing. I prefer to incorporate a holistic approach to helping individuals reach their personal goals. I also enjoy challenging individuals to reach their potentials.;I enjoy living in sunny California where I can enjoy the natural beauty that the Bay Area has to offer. I spend my free time biking, hiking, backpacking, camping, swimming, sailing and traveling. I have experience volunteering with Disabled Sports USA adaptive ski program at Alpine Meadows and am passionate about helping others enjoy the sport. I have volunteered at the VA National Summer Sports Clinic for the past 2 years and enjoy helping others achieve their goals and reach beyond their limits through sports such as adaptive cycling, sailing, kayaking, rowing, track and surfing.;debbie_pitsch.png;nophotoyet.png;1
20;at,;Eve;Klein;;MA,CCC-SLP;Eve "Evi" Klein is a licensed Speech Language Pathologist. She has been a certified member of the American Speech Language Hearing Association (ASHA) since 1999.  She is also certified as an Assistive Technology Professional through the Rehabilitation Engineering and Assistive Technology Society of North America (RESNA) since 2010.;She holds a Bachelors degree from University of California, Davis, and a Masters degree in Speech Language Pathology from Northwestern University.;She has worked at the Palo Alto VA since 2000, and joined the Assistive Technology Center in 2010.  She has extensive experience  working with patients with neurogenic speech, language and cognitive disabilities, and voice disorders , in acute, outpatient and rehabilitation settings.  Her primary areas of expertise in assistive technology include augmentative and alternative communication and electronic cognitive devices.;;;eve_klein.png;nophotoyet.png;1
21;at,;Karen;Parecki;;MS,OTR/L,CBIS,ATP;Karen has been certified as a Brain Injury Specialist through ACBIS since 2001 and as an Assistive Technology Professional through RESNA since 2010.;Karen graduated with an MS in Occupational Therapy from Boston University.  She also has a BS in psychobiology from the University of California, Los Angeles.;Karen Parecki is an Occupational Therapist who has worked at the Palo Alto VA since 1999.  In that time, she has had experience working with veterans with long term care needs and those in acute inpatient rehabilitation, including specializing in working with patients with neurologic disorders, polytraumatic injuries  and head injuries.   Her current area of expertise is assistive technology with a focus on EADL/ECU (electronic aids to daily living), adaptive computer access, electronic cognitive devices and wheeled seating and mobility.;;;karen_parecki.png;nophotoyet.png;1
22;acu,emg,pns,;Jeff;Teraoka;;M.D.;Dr. Teraoka is board certified in Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation, as well as Internal Medicine from the American Board of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation.;Dr. Teraoka completed his medical school at John Burns School of Medicine in 1984. After one year of internship at Saint Mary's Hospital, he completed five years of residency in Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Hawaii, San Francisco, and Stanford including the last year as a Chief Resident.;In 1990, Dr. Teraoka joined the VA Palo Alto Health Care system under the departments of polytrauma, pain medicine and PM&R as a Staff Physician and from 2008 to 2009, he became the Medical Director and Senior Physiatrist in the Polytrauma System of Care, and the Chief of Service of PM&R.;;;jeff_teraoka.png;nophotoyet.png;1
23;emg,;Ted;Scott;Dr.;M.D.;Dr. Scott is boarded in both electromyography and PM&R and serves as Clinical Assistant Professor at the Stanford School of Medicine.;After graduating Yale College summa cum laude in 1993, Dr. Scott received a scholarship for graduate study at Oxford.  He subsequently attended medical school at the University of California at San Francisco and completed residency at Stanford, where he served as chief resident.;In 2007 Dr. Scott began his present job as the attending physiatrist at the Palo Alto VA Polytrauma Rehabilitation Center.  In addition to attending the inpatient ward, his outpatient work includes interventional spasticity clinic and electromyography.;;;ted_scott.png;nophotoyet.png;1
24;pmnr,emg,;Roger;Klima;;M.D.;Dr. Klima is board certified in Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation and Electrodiagnostic Medicine.;Dr. Klima graduated from Charles University, in Prague, Czech Republic.  His affiliations include the Palo Alto Veterans Affairs Medical Center and Stanford University.;Dr. Klima has 25 years of experience and practices in Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation and Electrodiagnostic Medicine, as well as Sports Medicine.;;;roger_klima.png;nophotoyet.png;1
25;pmnr,pns,;Oanh;Mandal;;M.D.;She works with TBI patients, ranging from mild to severe, OEF/OIF as well as Vietnam/Korean/Gulf war veterans.;She graduated from Tufts University School of Medicine in Boston, and completed her training in Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at the University of California in Los Angeles (UCLA).;Dr. Mandal joined the VA Palo Alto Healthcare as lead Polytrauma Network Site physiatrist at the Livermore division in 2009.;;;oanh_mandal.png;nophotoyet.png;1
26;pmnr,generalpmnr,;Wade;Kingery;Dr.;M.D.;Dr. Kingery is board certified in Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation.;Dr. Kingery graduated from University of Nebraska, in Omaha.  His affiliations include Stanford Hospital, Lucile S Packard Children's Hospital, Stanford Medical Center, and the Palo Alto Veterans Affairs Medical Center.;Dr. Kingery has 26 years of experience and practices in Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation.;;;wade_kingery.png;nophotoyet.png;1
27;pmnr,emg,;Ninad;Karandikar;;M.D.;Dr. Karandikar is board certified in Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation.;Dr. Karandikar graduated from Seth G.S. Medical College, in Mumbai.  His affiliations include Samaritan Hospital - Lexington, UK Healthcare Hospital, and the Palo Alto Veterans Affairs Medical Center.;Dr. Karandikar has 14 years of experience and practices in Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation.;;;ninad_karandikar.png;nophotoyet.png;1
28;pns,;Steven;Chao;Dr.;M.D.,PhD.;Dr. Chao is board certified in Neurology.;Dr. Chao graduated from Rosalind Franklin University, in North Chicago.  His affiliations include Stanford Hospital, Stanford Medical Center, UCSF Medical Center, and the Palo Alto Veterans Affairs Medical Center.;Dr. Chao has 5 years of experience and practices in Neurology.;;;steven_chao.png;nophotoyet.png;1
29;pns,generalpmnr,;Molly;Timmerman;;D.O.;;Dr. Timmerman graduated from Western University of Health Sciences, Pomona, California. She has 3 hospital affiliations at Palo Alto Veterans Affairs Medical Center, San Mateo Medical Center and Stanford Medical Center.;Dr. Molly Ann Timmerman D.O. has 1 years of experience and practices in Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation Specialties and Research.;;;molly_timmerman.png;nophotoyet.png;1
